W-15401810 RPA Manager release notes 2024-04/1. (#352)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/release-notes/rpa-manager-release-notes.adoc

RPA Manager is the cloud-based control plane for your automation projects.

[[april-08-2024]]

> == April 08, 2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[april-09-2024]]
== April 09, 2024
```

RPA Manager is the cloud-based control plane for your automation projects.

[[april-08-2024]]
== April 08, 2024

// == What's New
include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=whatsNew,leveloffset=+2]

> * The taskbar of a run configuration's *Execution* is now enabled per default. (W-14551148)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The taskbar elements of a run configuration's *Execution* are now enabled by default.
```

> * The "Contact Help" link now relates to the Salesforce help page. (W-14927082)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The *Contact Support* link now redirects to the Salesforce help page.
```

> * You can now specify the display name of an RPA Bot during its installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * An RPA Bot's display name can be specified during its installation. (W-15099802)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can now specify the display name of an RPA Bot during its installation.
```
